hey how's it going Dave 2d here so if
you follow my channel you know that I
like mechanical keywords particularly
ten keyless mechanical keywords so those
are the keywords that don't have the
number pad on the side I like my
keywords small and compact and just to
have a particular design aesthetic to it
and I've always been looking for that
perfect keyboard that keyboard that I
just like everything across the board on
it and I think I found it this is the
mass drop control keyboard it's a
keyboard that mass trap sent out to me
to check out and the thing is I get a
bunch of keyboards from companies 99%
them don't get a video because most
keyboards are pretty boring but this one
I like this one a lot okay there's a
bunch of features that make this thing
special I'm just kind of gonna go
through them real quick it's got a USBC
connection instead of your standard
micro USB and it also has USB C pass
through it is use PC 2.0 so you can't
connect a drive or anything that needs
high bandwidth on it the casing is this
space grey color which i think looks
awesome it's an aluminum case chamfered
edges very well machined excellent build
quality and also has under glow lighting
it's a Space Gray version of the K type
case and it's a design aesthetic that I
think looks good with any kind of setup
look if you have a window set up a
really clean Mac setup or if you're a
hardcore gamer I think this keyboard
looks good in any kind of environment I
will say though that some of the earlier
depictions of this keyboard like the
pre-production photos had this darker
gray color that looked almost matte the
final production version is not quite
the same as those pictures but I still
think it looks really good on the bottom
of the keyboard there's space for two
feet and these are attached by magnets I
don't love the positioning of them I
find that if you move the keyboard
laterally like left and right while
those feet are installed there's a
chance for the magnet to get dislodged
you have to put it back I actually
prefer using it without the feet but for
people that want feet that is something
to keep in mind you can put them in an
either an incline or decline position
depending on how you use it but again I
don't even use the feet at all for this
particular keyboard the best part about
this keyboard though is the PCB it has
hot swappable switches and what I mean
by that is that if you want to ever
change the switches on this keyboard you
just use the included tool pop them out
and just put in a new one see as someone
who has spent many hours soldering
desoldering resolder ensuite onto very
keyboards seeing something like this is
such a godsend see a lot of the times
when you're working on a keyboard
project and this this is something that
only keyboard nerds like myself would
understand or appreciate it's like you
spend hours just putting the switches
onto a new keyboard and you do it
because you're just like you want to try
those new switches on this particular
case and being able to just remove them
and play some a new one on in seconds it
changes the game it makes this whole
process so much more enjoyable so if
you're interested in mechanical
keyboards and you kind of want to do the
whole custom experience this makes it 10
times better and when you order this
particular keyboard you can choose
between some cherry switches chi-wai
switches and halo switches I really like
the chi-wah Silver's but regardless of
which one you choose if you ever want to
change it in the future it's a 30 second
job the key caps that they're using are
some double shot PB T's they're okay
they're not like amazing key caps I find
them a little bit rougher than I'd like
but they're not bad the stabilizers that
they're using they're pretty good the
spacebar has no play at all very solid
backspace key has a little bit of rattle
not much though I also like the lighting
on this keyboard so often with gaming
keyboards or keyboards that have like
really extensive RGB lighting you need
to install software from the
manufacturer to be able to play with it
this has it baked into the keyboard you
can just switch it through some key
combinations and you have very extensive
control if you want through qmk if
you're unfamiliar with qmk keyboard
configurations it gives you some very
thorough keyboard configurability so the
master op control is obviously not for
everyone it's an expensive keyboard
regardless of how you look at it if
you're just looking for any kind of
mechanical then don't get this right
there's some stuff that's 50 60 bucks or
cheaper but if you're looking for
something is a little bit higher end and
has like some cool features definitely
check this thing out this is obviously
more for the enthusiast crowd right but
it just has so much stuff that they did
write in a really nice-looking package
that's something that just didn't exist
on the market until they brought this
thing out I love the color I love the
hot swappable switches it's a good
keyboard now this is only available on
mass drop and the way they work is it's
these time limited Windows of when you
can purchase it so if you want to get
this if you're interested in this you
got to pick up the drop right now like
if you miss it you miss it you got to
wait like months before they make
another batch I've missed drops before
so
if you want it check it out now drop the
link down below okay hope you guys
enjoyed this video thumbs we liked it
subs if you loved it see you guys next
time